[Music]  hello today i would like to talk about  how i retired at age 27 and managed to  become financially free and independent  mass has to go on put it over your face  okay so can i give you this because they  know me  [Music]  no i know but i don't know you yeah  [Music]  [Music]  i'd like to share my life philosophies  when it comes to money and financial  freedom and building online businesses  something i've noticed over the years is  that lots of people always ask  in my comment section  how come he doesn't have to work how  come he doesn't get a job and how does  he pay for his lifestyle so basically  i've been retired now since 2017.  that was the last time i had a proper  job where i was an employee at a company  and i had a contract and they paid me a  monthly wage and that was the last time  i was ever employed by a company so you  might be asking how have i been paying  for things for the last four years if i  haven't had a job in the last four years  well that is a very interesting question  so i started my journey on the path of  entrepreneurship at a fairly young age i  think i started my first online business  when i was about 18 or 17. when other  people my age were out clubbing and  drinking alcoholic drinks and having a  good time with ladies  i was working really really hard in  order to find out how can i make money  using the internet and my skills  i had to sacrifice my youth and my  teenage years when i could have been out  there clubbing and drinking and having a  good time as well i decided to sacrifice  all of that in order to pursue my dreams  of becoming an online entrepreneur and  one of my life mottos that i stick by  even to this day is if you don't make  sacrifices for your dreams your dreams  become sacrifices and i learned from a  very young age that i didn't like having  to live my life  by other people's schedule i didn't like  having to wake up early in the morning  to go and go to a place that i had to  either study in or work in i wanted to  have ultimate freedom i wanted to be  able to  live my life how i wanted to live it i  saw all these other people waking up  early in the morning and getting into  their cars and being stuck in traffic  jams and having to go to work and be  there 9 00 am every morning and i  thought to myself i don't really want to  live like that i want to live my life  how i want to live it i want to wake up  at 10 a.m in the morning i don't want to  be stuck in a traffic jam i don't want  to have to go outside and go to some  office  if i didn't really want to  so at the young age of 18 i decided that  i wanted to have online businesses that  would bring in revenue for me my biggest  dream in life has always been to be able  to make money from the comfort of my  bedroom and my computer  and 14 years later i guess you could say  that i am enjoying the fruits of my  harvest  no i don't know your holiday no i know  but i don't know you  you heard about me no  okay so  i'm super i won't try to play with this  i first of all i'm never i don't know  why i wanted what exactly is  [Applause]  what do you mean you ruined your whole  the life i ruined my life because  oh i i i just want to die  no don't go there what do you do for a  living i do for a living i'm so [ __ ]  successful i'm famous what are you doing  huh what do you do  where i do pranks from topless girls i'm  talking  let me go get you some water  let me get your water give me a minute  my first ever online business was an  ebay shop that i personally set up and  built from the ground up and it wasn't  easy in the beginning i was living with  my parents at the time and i wasn't  working any other jobs my dad would come  home from work tired and stressed out  and i remember he used to get annoyed  with me because i wasn't really making a  lot of money from my ebay shop  and one time he came home and said  i'm fed up that i have to work so long  and so hard every day whilst you just  sit in your bedroom making 50p an hour  and when he said that to me i just i  felt so sad and it really hurt me and  even to this day i remember it very  clearly i found it very upsetting  because it was my dream to be able to  make money off the internet and even  though my ebay shop wasn't making loads  of money i felt proud that i managed to  find a way to make some profit off of  the internet and he just wasn't very  supportive or encouraging i remember  when i worked at the petrol station and  i told my co-worker that i wanted to  make youtube videos and i wanted to make  vlogs  and he laughed at me and mocked me  he said it was a silly idea and it would  never make any money some people are  just so negative they'll try and bring  you down they'll laugh at your ideas  and it's it's like they just want you to  be stuck in a job like they are the  hardest thing i had to deal with was  just constantly being put down and told  that it's going to fail it's not going  to work you should give up and get a job  and i ignored everyone and i did my best  to ignore all of this negativity and  yeah lots of things did fail the ebay  shop failed many of my other projects  and ideas in the past also failed i  failed at so many things but i never let  the dream of making money off the  internet slip away from me i was around  the age of 28 when i first realized that  i don't really feel like i need to get a  job again  and i don't really feel like i need to  have a job in order to survive  and i was able to utilize my skills that  i had built up and acquired over the  years  to to fund my lifestyle and it's been a  really long journey it's been a long  long grind  since i was 18 and i had that dream to  become financially independent by making  money off the internet it's taken 10  years to turn that dream  into a reality and i've been living that  reality for four years now oh jokes  aside actually believe in your dreams  this pictures are not fake i don't need  to go to college  when people try to stop you from your  dreams tell them to go [ __ ] themselves  why because you know how many of my best  friends told me  you're gonna be a youtuber  you're gonna do this prove them all  wrong what are they doing right now with  their lives seven years later or eight  years later since they started same jobs  living with their parents  if you're born and raised muslim  your parents  and grandparents are muslim at least  your beliefs have a name  at least they have lines and limits  everyone can recognize  and you can therefore  identify  analyze  and rebel against what does it mean to  believe in  living your best life  what does it mean to  believe in  yourself  these vague notions  people commit to them without knowing  what it is they commit to  i just think it's so sad that we live in  a society where so many people would  prefer to bring people down instead of  trying to build them up and you've just  got to ignore them and cut them out even  if it's your own family or your own  friends if people are having a negative  impact on your dreams then you've just  got to cut them loose  and i'm personally really glad that i  never gave up on my dreams i never gave  up on the idea of becoming an internet  entrepreneur i'm just so glad that i  don't have to go back to the petrol  station and do night shifts again  whether you look around youtube  or whether you look around the people  you know directly in your own life  really ask yourself  how many of these people are still gonna  be alive  just five years  from now  i don't want to talk about it i don't  really ever want to talk about it but i  feel like i have to address it because  if i don't address it you guys are going  to be like what the [ __ ] you literally  just made a video talking about getting  a house getting married and having kids  so like  where did he go  [Music]  i don't know and honestly this condition  some form of narcissism within me like a  grandiosity and the excitement and just  this this vicious coldness and the chaos  uh it was it was both been having issues  with depression lately for the last uh  like couple months i've fallen into that  trap of thinking you know if i get  something  if i buy something if i make more money  i'll uh fill some sort of void inside  myself the next toy the next video game  i try to find something that will  stimulate me to like  get me out of this  you know a suicidal depression  it's been a while since i've had  depression  that's been  this debilitating today is the very  first day that max has ever seen  sunshine  i suffer from borderline personality  disorder  which is probably the worst thing in the  world  and i [ __ ] hate it and i wish i could  change it  and in september i started taking a new  cocktail  including  trazadone sipotix in the morning  which is like an ssri  what's called  a rippy prezzo  [Music]  you